you can calculate your max speed/feedrate for your particular setup with your
max flowrate (v6s top out at a max flowrate of about 8-10 mm3 /s, and volcanos
top out somewhere between 20 and 30 mm3 /s, depending on the nozzle.), the layer
height, extrusion width, the filament diameter, and the temperature.

as an example: let's say you're extruding 1.75mm filament at 0.2 mm layers at
210c, with a typical extrusion width of 0.48mm for a 0.4mm nozzle.

first, heat up your hot end, raise it a decent bit above the bed, then use your
host software to repeatedly extrude 50+mm, slightly increasing the speed each
time. repeat until the extruder motor starts skipping steps, or the filament
starts grinding. reduce the speed and then increase it slower than before, until
you've dialed in the speed where it skips. it's important to use extrude long
(50-100+mm) amounts of filament at a time, since a hot end can briefly go above
its max flowrate before pressure has built up in the chamber. increasing the
temperature can also up your max flowrate somewhat, but this also increases ooze
and stringing when printing.

let's say our max speed before the extruder started skipping was 3mm/s (note:
this is in terms of mm of filament going in to the extruder, not out). to
calculate the flowrate, just multiply your max speed by the area of your
filament.

max input feedrate * pi * (filament diameter/2)2 = max flowrate

in our case, it would be: 3 * 3.14 * 0.8752 = 7.21 mm/s3

now we've calculated the maximum cubic volume of plastic per second we can put
through the extruder. since the plastic we're extruding also a cross section
with a fixed area (i.e. layer height x extrusion width), we can use that to
derive the max speed at which we can move the hotend. just divide your max
flowrate by your layer height and extrusion width.

max flowrate / ( layer height * extrusion width) = max output feedrate

in our case, it would be: 7.21/(0.2*0.48) = 75.1 mm/s

so the fastest speed you should put into your slicer is 75.1 mm/s. I always like
to reduce it by 5mm/s or so, just to make sure I don't occasionally skip steps,
so I would use 70mm/s.

the second formula is awesome to use because you can always be sure your speeds
for your settings won't overload your hotend, and your max flowrate generally
stays pretty constant so it's very quick to use. I only recalculate my max
flowrate whenever I change nozzles, filaments, or raise/lower the temperature
significantly.

hope this  helps! I used to get confused all the time by the difference between
filament and extrusion feedrates, and how your flowrate relates to them. but
once I finally sat down and worked out the math, it made waaaay more sense and I
have a much better grasp of what speeds I should use now. there are other speed
limits for printers, like motor torque and your firmware's max steprate (10khz
for marlin), but I usually hit max flowrate long before those start affecting
anything.